feature: define Staged Configs (#264)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/glossary.md

| **Data Plane** | The data plane is the part of a network architecture that carries user traffic. It handles tasks like forwarding data packets between devices and managing network communication. In the context of NGINX, the data plane is responsible for tasks such as load balancing, caching, and serving web content. |
| **Instance** | An instance is an individual system with NGINX installed. You can group the instances of your choice in a Config Sync Group. When you add an instance to NGINX One, you need to use a data plane key. | 
| **Namespace** | In F5 Distributed Cloud, a namespace groups a tenant’s configuration objects, similar to administrative domains. Every object in a namespace must have a unique name, and each namespace must be unique to its tenant. This setup ensures isolation, preventing cross-referencing of objects between namespaces. |

> | **Staged Configurations** | Also known as **Staged Configs**. It allows you to save "work in progress." You can create it from scratch, an Instance, another Staged Config, or a Config Sync Group. It does _not_ have to be a working configuration until you publish it to an instance or a Config Sync Group. You can even manage your **Staged Configurations** through our [API](link to staged configs API page). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Staged Configurations** | Also known as **Staged Configs**. Allows you to save "work in progress." You can create it from scratch, an Instance, another Staged Config, or a Config Sync Group. It does _not_ have to be a working configuration until you publish it to an instance or a Config Sync Group. You can even manage your **Staged Configurations** through our [API](link to staged configs API page). |
```

> | **Staged Configurations** | Also known as **Staged Configs**. Allows you to save "work in progress." You can create it from scratch, an Instance, another Staged Config, or a Config Sync Group. It does _not_ have to be a working configuration until you publish it to an instance or a Config Sync Group. You can even manage your **Staged Configurations** through our [API](link to staged configs API page). |
> <!-- Set up include, with changelog -->

Author: ```suggestion
| **Staged Configurations** | Also known as **Staged Configs**. Allows you to save "work in progress." You can create it from scratch, an Instance, another Staged Config, or a Config Sync Group. It does _not_ have to be a working configuration until you publish it to an instance or a Config Sync Group. You can even manage your **Staged Configurations** through our [API]({{< ref "/nginx-one/api/api-reference-guide/#tag/StagedConfigs" >}}). |
```
